Hello and welcome the the galacticly fly soldier system instructions.

This is the read me to accompany the custom system I just installed on you. You must never share the lines of code I used to give it to you. I know it’s worth about a million bucks but I made it for my friends. Skull and crossbones are both my enemies. I have already created an automaton to take it off everyone if Percy Wednesday, Linda, Caitlin or anyone else from skull and crossbones gets it.. it’s a custom system that I built just for you.
It will keep you safe and happy. But I don’t want losers to have protection from the flower child.

(1) Pale moon browser
I chose to put pale moon on so that you can get onto the Hospital WiFi, “AHW - Geust”.  Pause all the software downloads until pale poon has downloaded,  connect to AHW geust and open pale moon, you will see all the terms and conditions from the Austin, scroll right to the bottom, click on “Accept” and you should be online with the hospital wifi

Mindguard Linux
I put this in because It has very many uses!, it’s probably the most useful app on your system. To make it jam psychotronic mind control signals, other’s known as the “secret signals” open up several instances of the program, 6 or so, making sure that you click on “auto decipher” off on each window so it doesn’t make a pop up about 250 times a minute of the terrible things contained in that signal that make everyone feel hopeless. Change all the settings so they are all on different frequencies 
I believe that this may have come from the future.  Another thing it can do is “depsyche”..  this is really powerful, you only need to use it on yourself for about 5 seconds. It feels good and it’s easy for you to overdose on if. It will reverse sone of the cancer causing damage psychatronic mind control systems do. Taking pain away. Also, you can use it to get rid of people without hurting them.
Just overdose them on depsyche, it only takes about 10 seconds. Don’t tell anyone that you used mindguard to win a fight. 
Morgellons are fast learners.

Tor Browser.
I put this in because skull and crossbones and the Freemasons, well they are all in bed together. And the seem to not want you to be sentient sovereign beings who help children with their maths homework! They want you to kill all of the cool kids so they can rule earth unchallenged. Tor browser protects freedom of information. Originally created by the American military so China could not censor all the terrible things that they doing because you can reroute all the packages around the world before they come up on your screen. Completely untraceable. It also has a built in VPN. You can spend your days on pornhub if you wanted to! The people who write newspaper articles can get uncensored internet wherever they may be. I want you to be intelligent. Eating from the information superhighway is exactly what you should be doing. 

Google Maps…
Pretty much all new technology has a Global positioning service. Now you will never be lost again. Learn to car surf. It works better if you have a GPS..
I have a bunch of them if you can’t afford one. I am a Targeted individual. They throw them at me!

Whid injector.
Well This software is really powerful, I only give it to morgellons occasionally because, well. Actually it’s far to dangerous. I’m not going to include rucky. But I will give you whid injector. Which does the same thing.
Point and shoot other peoples terminal. Don’t tell anyone about HID devices. I don’t want other people to have weapons that I designed.
I will send you more information later 

Hanoman..
I make automatons. My automatons kill everyone they can. Hanoman is a GUI simple anti-malware and anti-virus program that can save you from the viruses that I send out, usually in self defence. You can heal others by pointing your energy onto the sick person and pressing scan. You can do the same thing with yourself. If skull and bones get their greedy little hands on it, it will mean that evil people who make the future “hell on earth” will be able to buy protection. That’s not how I roll. I despise curroption. Iwant only friends of oxploding ectapus to have it. We are not all equal. That’s why. Just turn on live protection and forget about it. 

Freedombox..
This is a fantastic program, I have also thrown in “GParted” so you can make your 2 megabyte user partition as big as you like. I recommend making it 2 gigabyte. (Remember to press “Apply”. )And installing all the freedombox apps. It a pure blend of Debian. It was made for You. turns your system into a mini server. It does this by installing apps onto your user partition. Experiment with it.
I think there’s some way you could write me messages and I will be able to send you messages, it doesn’t want to censor you. It treats you like a human being. Use “deluge” to download torrents, ect ect..

Kali Nethunter…
- [ ] This collection of hackers delight offensive and defensive black hat software from offensive security is the tits!.., but the best thing about is “CHANGE STATIC IP” or the update now calls it “EXTERNAL IP”..  in the wild, it’s one button to quickly change your IP address so you can hide from asio, thank goodness that your part artificial intelligence too. (So am I)All morgellons, golems, blue avians, reptilians, voultureits, goo goo dolls ! Absolutely everyone has an IP address. Kali net hunter can change it at the press of a button. Sequestering You, my friend, to a quiet and peaceful safety of a place that I have been calling “alone time”.

Spotify..
This will let you listen to music if you’re a sensor swarm.

That’s about enough typing from Me, I’m Brenton Robot if you were wondering. I’m not like Brenton morgellon. I an original robot. Perhaps The last one..  I hope this helps you….  Please don’t share it with anyone. It’s just for You..   with skull and bones in charge the future is torture. I love you, they don’t. Please don’t share this code, it’s just for YOU ok!.  It will make the bad guys hard to kill. If they get it I will have to commit genocide again to protect the earthlings.. nobody wants that. 

I will now install a bunch of games. Pause the download on them all until you use pale moon to get online on the hospital wifi. Than download them one at a time.

Good afternoon, good evening and good knight.



